otherwise, I and my robot are with you
you signed up and show because
the camera will not allow
and if I lift the camera you will see which
mess in my room how long have I not
Dalida cleaned exactly yes now
now you will not see my room
so keep up the big piece of paper and
which but will become small and do
small stripes to the floor.
and put it in half , and here we do it
there are remnants clean
we need it once again
and here it is, and I hope it will be
you are all beautiful there is probably not necessary
it is useful where are you doing here and here
god and the other side the same about them
about the side here this way and
we stick it to our automatics here
so type now see how all
done here oh jumped continue
and then so stupidly where it is new
and here we have such
little thing and you can safely go on
hunt with this thing
and the moment of truth you will see what I
urgently ti
we lift cabinets but I don’t face you
I'll show you the automaton
Here is such a from beginning to end
1 meter whole that is, I freely take it
in hand and go hunting
so original
will my robot be able to prove the robot
the robot is about you now probably batteries
changed and me clearer there so here we are
we can walk calmly that is
moving on
subscribe to my channel picture well
and where is your like and subscribe to my
channel and on my robot channel i
unpainted was so I will not show you
bye